[Music]
man in the wilderness
it's day 15. he touched the plastic bag
on his head
look closely at what seems to be hidden
inside he took out the camera from the
bag
endure the pain and gently cut a small
mouth pull out the bug with your hand
then put it in a bowl in this piece of
amazon from lynn
there are dangers hidden everywhere ant
spider scorpion python
whoever lives will kill him then he
continued on his way
a neatly cut branch attracted him this
is a mark cut by a sharp blade
there may be people around here hello
after searching for empty people at this
time he found two bird eggs in the
distance
haven't eaten for a long time he held
the bird eggs carefully thinking for a
long time
still break it with a stone hold back
and eat after eating he continued to
search
but the dilapidated house in front of me
shattered his hope
then he took out the map measure the
distance with your fingers
there is still a long way to go this
distance not difficult for ordinary
people
but it's hard for him to get to the sky
for the injured he took off his shoes
then gently take off the socks he dare
not use force
because the socks are already glued to
the feet bloody feet
every time i take it off my heart hurts
but want to live
just have to do look at my feet he
thought of his companion
nine days ago days ago before fantian
the four of them are flying and entered
the amazon jungle
everyone has their own purpose
photographers who want to shoot
landscapes
poet looking for inspiration i like
adventure and a guide for this live map
four people walking and playing marie
singing and laughing all the way
but the good times don't last long due
to the long journey
the poet's soul was badly injured need
to clean up the wound at any time
more importantly it slows down the
progress because of the rainy season
they must get out of the jungle before
the rainy season otherwise it is very
likely that you will never get out again
so they decided to go separate ways
poet's feet cannot be iced
choose to go dry with your guide and men
and photographers chose faster waterways
use bark to make rope use tree trunks
for industry
a simple raft completed at this time an
ant came to the man's hand
took a bite into the skin the man
screamed in pain
what is this 04n what is this
fire ants the two hold under the raft
tightly
in the swift river dare not relax this
is really the most embarrassing position
in the world
can't go up down is also s man shouting
for help
in this vast yama valley where's one's
response
so the companion decided to break the
boat he wants to jump into the middle
reaches of the rapids and go ashore
cut some more vines and come back to
save him unsuccessful
companion plunged into the water but
immediately disappeared
soon it surfaced again so dangerous he
swam to the shore
when the current is getting more and
more urgent the raft swayed constantly
in the water
the man tried his best to hold on at
this time a huge wave hits
[Music]
yosi
when the man emerges he is holding the
stone
rand fanway swims to the shore and then
swim hard to the shore
heavy rain at night he hides in the cave
the cold and loneliness strike together
he is tired and hungry he came to the
river the next day
a backpack floated along the river he
seized the opportunity
jumped into the water and grabbed the
backpack god bless you with these
supplies
maybe he can last for a while go on the
road after packing up
he came under a tree the fruit on the
tree aroused the appetite
he clung to the trunk and climbed
vigorously third he clung to the trunk
and climbed vigorously
didn't wait for him to climb up a snake
opened its mouth to him
he fell in fright he doesn't want to
just give up like this
so keep climbing he threw the snake to
the ground
then stoned to death after eating snake
meat
finally relieved hunger he spread the
leaves under him at night
in the dark jungle i slowly closed my
eyes
it seems that someone called his name in
his sleep he opened his eyes
i saw the poet standing in front of me
he turned on the light but there was
nothing
he's already hallucinating the pain in
the head after dawn woke him up
this is caused by parasites in snake
meat he cut the pustule with a camera
took out the bug and then eat the bird
eggs started a long trek
i don't know how long it has been a
footprint on the ground
he saw hope is it the companion nearby
he called his companion's name
still no one answered when he saw the
egg in the distance
the most terrible thing happened he's
lost going around and going back to the
original point
he didn't want to believe it was true so
i stretch my foot towards the shoe print
not too small that shoe print is his
no
the man hears the sound of the beast
alert immediately
he takes out the spray took out the
lighter again
two points in one line after you are
ready watching quietly
at this moment the beast poked his head
that is a fierce tiger
tiger wants to attack suddenly
finally survived another night after
calm down
he remembered what his companion said if
you can't find the other party
just by the river but he has been in the
jungle for 15 days
he scolded himself stupidly while
walking towards the river
the other side in the middle of the
downstream river
companion was rescued by local residents
my companion wants to go back and save
him
they flew the plane along the river
hovering over konglin
hovering in the jungle north man saw the
plane he waved his red raincoat
vigorously
from the bushes to this dense companions
can't see
him saw the plane leave he is desperate
it's day 17. he doesn't know how long he
can last
he dangled with a cane misfortune never
come singly
yinay carefully stepped into zazawa i
accidentally stepped into zazawa
body starts to slide he wants to earn
beauty he wants to clean the north
instead it gets deeper and deeper he
told himself not to move
looking at the amulet in the quagmire i
remember the uncle who always encouraged
him this gave him renewed hope of life
he reached out and grabbed a branch
climb up little by little
he begged the branches to stop finally
succeeded
after climbing out of zazawa he is muddy
and physically exhausted
he knows he wants to live you have to
refresh yourself
so i thought of that ant then he took
off his clothes
came to a tree the trunk is densely
packed with ants
he shook the tree trunk hard thousands
of ants fell down
ants bite every inch of skin the severe
pain made him feel full of energy
taking advantage of this spirit he
rushed to the river with all his
strength
after reaching the river make a shape
with wood then i fell asleep deeply
the next day the companion went upstream
came to the river
the companion kicked away the stick but
still didn't find him hiding in the tree
hole
man hears the noise quickly climbed out
he wants to call his companion
but i can't make a sound go farther and
farther together
just about to turn companion turned
around i saw him who was skinny
being
yossi
he was finally saved after returning to
the tribe residents gathered around one
after another
sighing the miracle of life and the
other two teams have never heard from
many years later the man came back to
settle here he is grateful for the
suffering here
i'm also grateful for every inch of land
here every jungle
and every one of them here